[DOCS-8041] updating mobile app test steps and videos (#23328)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/mobile_app_testing/mobile_app_tests/steps.md

{{< img src="mobile_app_testing/open_deep_link.png" alt="Recording an Open Deep Link step in a mobile test" style="width:60%" >}}

#### Restart application

This action allows you to restart your application.

> This action does not reinstall the application but instead close and then launch the application again. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action does not reinstall the application but instead closes and then launches the application again. 
```

If it does not make sense for you to run your subtest independently, you can pause it. The test continues to be called as part of your parent test, and is not executed individually. For more information, see [Reusing Browser Test Journeys Across Your Test Suite][6].

### Variables

> If your subtest contains variables, they are inherited by the test you import it into. 

Reviewer: I'm not sure what "it" represents in this sentence, but if the meaning would be obvious to your audience, no changes needed. If your intention was to refer to the variables, I recommend using "them" instead of "it".

Author: ah yes great catch, I will change it to "them" :)

> In order to override these variables, create a variable in your parent test with the name as the variables within your subtest. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override these variables, create a variable in your parent test with the name as the variables within your subtest. 
```
